I:It's only when you have the courage to step off the ledge that you'll realize you've had wings all along.
I:Trust is knowing that we're exactly where we are supposed to be in life, especially when it doesn't feel like it.
I:In every moment, you are the only one who gets to choose your attitude. Choose wisely.
I:The greatest personal fulfillment comes when we contribute to improving the welfare of others.
I:Who and what you are will be determined by you, not by your circumstances.
I:Follow your passion. Listen to your heart. Trust the process. Be grateful. Life is magic and your dreams matter.
I:Life is about right now in this very moment. Not tomorrow, not yesterday but NOW. Live it!
I:Having a great dream and belief in yourself is great, but nothing happens until you take action.
I:Your words are simply the thoughts of yours that will become things the soonest.
I:Refuse to be defined by someone else's vision of what's possible.
I:In all moments, for all reasons--love completely.
I:If we aim high and fall short, we still achieve more than by aiming low and falling short.
I:May you recognize the passion and the possibility in your day today and have the courage to follow it.
I:In every moment, for every reason--choose LOVE.
I:Set your goals high and do something everyday to move forward.
I:When was the last time worry ever solved a problem? Breathe and know that you are perfect in this moment.
I:Limitations seem real when we lack faith and belief. With faith and belief, anything is possible.
I:Today, be the person of your dreams. See and act from their eyes.
I:Praise is one of the best, yet inexpensive gifts we can give to others.
I:There is nothing more important in the world than loving yourself.
I:In times of turmoil, it matters not that we forgot we are infinite, unlimited beings. What matters most, is how quickly we remember.
I:Most times, regrets are things we didn't do, not those we did.
I:Take the time today to be good to you, in thoughts, deeds and actions--but especially in your thoughts.
I:Remember, perspective can cause two people to look at the same thing and see two totally different things.
I:Every good thing you do creates ripples that you may not see. Do them anyway.
I:For today, think positive thoughts, believe in yourself and others, share hugs and spread love. That's it--nothing else.
I:Everything starts from gratitude. Everything. From there, all else lines up for you.
I:Life is more meaningful when our goal is fulfillment rather than gratification.
I:Focus on the WHY of life and not the HOW, remembering that where focus goes, energy flows.
I:Change your thoughts and you'll change your world.
I:Collaboration and cooperation will beat competition every time. Think abundantly. Speak authentically. Serve willingly. You have enough. You are enough.
I:Nothing has the power to radically change a life more than an attitude adjustment.
I:The fastest way to get unstuck is to go do something for someone else.
I:Success often comes to those who are too naïve to know that what they're trying to do is impossible.
I:Sometimes the greatest gift you can give another is to ask for help. There is pleasure in giving.
I:True wealth is celebrating the present moment.
I:You can summit the biggest mountain by simply taking the first step.
I:Either way you're going off the ledge. So why not jump now so God doesn't have to push you? Your wings are beautiful!
I:To achieve your dream, see the world as you want it to be, not as it may appear to be.
I:We make room for love when we first invite understanding into our hearts.
I:The greatest limitations in life are the ones we place on ourselves.
I:As you close your eyes tonight, may you know how blessed you are and celebrate with gratitude.
I:Remember, you are an infinite being and deserve a day filled with unlimited potential.
I:Start with your beliefs, which will lead your thoughts, which will create your actions, which will produce your results.
I:Change requires you to shift your identity of who you are.
I:When we focus on what we can do instead of what we can't, a world of possibility opens unto us.
I:Adversity can be turned to opportunity simply by adjusting our perception and our attitude.
I:Play and don't take yourself or the world so seriously. Create reasons to laugh!
I:Challenging people are in your life for a reason--love them.
I:Never underestimate the power of an unlimited being--YOU.
I:Take time each day to connect to the Divine. Trust that there is a plan even if you only see a fraction of it.
I:The fastest way to get to the life you want is to just play make believe that you already have it today.
I:Integrity is holding fast to our convictions regardless of the consequences and never compromising our ideals or values, even if it affects the bottom line.
I:Ah...for the next moment, allow yourself to be a human BEing rather than a human DOing. Do nothing, just BE. Ah...
I:If you have to doubt something, let it be your own perceived limitations. Expand, stretch and believe!
I:When you start your day with gratitude everything falls into place with grace and ease.
I:Go make your life the one you have always wanted, knowing you have the power to make it happen.
I:The music of success is sweetest when you play in a band of winners. Surround yourself with excellence!
I:With the right attitude anything is possible.
I:Action is the step many forget when they wonder what happened to their dream.
I:Your expectations for any given situation will greatly influence the end result.
I:In this very moment you hold the power to change someone else's life for the better. Go do it.
I:Change your beliefs and you'll change your thoughts. Change your thoughts and you'll change your habits. Change your habits and your life opens to unlimited possibility.
I:Giving is the reason for living.
I:Above all else, be true to you.
I:Allow adversity to be your teacher.
I:Find people who believe in you until you can believe in yourself.
I:The more clear you are in the vision of what you want in life, the brighter the spotlight will be to lead you on the right path.
I:We often learn too late that we spent too much time worrying about the things that mattered least.
I:Chances are, when you fall asleep with a prayer of gratitude on your lips, you'll wake with a song of joy in your heart.
I:Fear less, hope more; eat less, chew more; whine less, breath more; talk less, say more; hate less, love more; and all good things shall be yours.
I:Abundance flows more freely to you when it continues to flow outward from you, as you pass it on.
I:Don't let your fear of the hazards keep your ship in the harbor. Cast off your lines and sail away!
I:If you can't change the circumstances, change your attitude. Funny thing is, when you do, you'll find that the circumstances often change.
I:Size matters, so keep your dreams big and your worries small.
I:Know that deep inside, you are resilient, brave and so much stronger and more powerful than your fears.
I:Beyond words, beyond actions, beyond feelings--know in your core that you are loved.
I:We can get so much further in life through collaboration rather than competition. One plus one equals eleven, not two.
I:Problems do not define who you are unless you allow them to. Remember your magnificence.
I:To improve what shows up in the exterior of your world, first, be still and improve the interior.
I:The shortest path to success--focus on the 'what' and the 'why', not the 'how'. Works every time.
I:Your actions, thoughts and words today are but seeds for tomorrow's garden.
I:No matter what the past may look like, without our permission, our yesterday does not have the power to determine our tomorrow.
I:When we celebrate in advance, things have a way of lining up for us more quickly.
I:When we look for the good and expect it to show up, we'll always find it.
I:If we knew how loved, how Divine, how unlimited we really are, we'd see one another through tears of joy.
I:At the end of life we're going to ask--Did I live? Did I love? Ask it now. The clock is ticking, you'd better start living.
I:"Can't" isn't a word. You have the power to do, be or create anything.
I:If you wait for everything to be perfect before taking action on your dream, you'll never take the first step.
I:When we change our beliefs on the inside, we will transform our results on our outside world.
I:It's impossible to be of service to others and feel sorry for yourself. Choose one.
I:If we allow our definition of what's possible to be based on how big someone else can dream, our dream will die.
I:Gratitude must be part magic, for when I fill my heart with gratitude, anything is possible.
I:For the next moment, allow yourself to be a human BEing rather than a human DOing.
I:When you focus on faith rather than fear, you tap into a strength to carry you over even the tallest of mountains.
I:The power to change the world starts with us first changing our belief and ourselves.
I:Our dreams have no limitations except those that we place on them.
I:Each day take the time to reconnect and remember, you are an infinite being with unlimited potential.
I:Treat all others as if the entire world were watching your actions.
I:Ask, give thanks, repeat. Ask, give thanks, repeat.
I:Abundance isn't something that you have, it's who you already are.
I:Adversity could be the greatest gift in our life, in retrospect.
I:Push yourself to do one thing outside your comfort zone today.
I:A decision is nothing more than a choice to eliminate other options and follow your path with determination.
I:We imagine the worst. If you're going to use your imagination, imagine GOOD things happening!
I:Choose to love with all your heart, even if it sometimes breaks.
I:We're only here to learn to love.
I:What's happening on the outside doesn't have the power the affect what's happening on the inside, unless we allow it to.
I:When Universal timing and our timing are different, that doesn't mean that things aren't working. Trust the process.
I:What other people think about you isn't about you. It's about them.
I:May you be blessed with thoughts and opportunities and take action that will create abundance in your life.
I:Your thoughts become things. You decide. You rule. That's pretty cool.
I:Beating yourself up doesn't benefit anyone. Focus on what you choose to create instead.
I:Being kind to you is really being kind to me, for we are but individual parts of the same whole.
I:Illusions can appear real but we get to choose whether or not to buy into them.
I:When we learn to find the blessing in any situation, we've mastered this journey called "life".
I:What would you do if you knew that your wildest dreams could come true and that you couldn't fail?
I:Imperfect action is better than perfect inaction.
I:With belief and action all things are possible.
I:Sometimes the fastest way to reach your dream is to help someone else reach his or her dream.
I:If you don't ask for what you want, the answer is already NO. Why not ask, and maybe the answer will be YES!?
I:The two most powerful words in any language--"Thank you!"
I:Realize that you have the power to do, be or create anything in your life. Anything.
I:Nobody's perfect. We all fall down. What matters most is how quickly we get back up, learn from our mistakes and move on!
I:You can't worry yourself out of a bad situation, but you can believe yourself out of it!
I:How we see ourselves determines how we see the world.
I:Gratitude, kindness and caring are more powerful than any problem you think you have.
I:Life works better when we go with the flow rather than fight the current.
I:Love is letting others know how much you appreciate them.
I:Forget early--there are enough worms for all of us.
I:Adversity forces us to focus on things we need to learn.
I:We can't choose the number of our age, but we CAN choose the age of our attitude.
I:Change is inevitable and those who adapt quickly are most likely to succeed.
I:Worry is the #1 thief of our time and has the power to rob you of beauty of today.
I:Live well, laugh often, love deeply.
I:With laughter or love, the more you give the more you'll receive.
I:Sometimes we may forget who we are. But what matters most is how quickly we remember our magnificence.
I:When you surround yourself with people who support your dreams, you will achieve success more quickly.
I:You will go through pain in your life, but how you choose to respond to it is your choice.
I:Even the largest of fires starts from a tiny spark. That same potential is within you, so set your dreams on fire!
I:Laughter is not only contagious, but is experienced in a deeper way when it is shared.
I:Life is magical when we are bold and have the courage to move forward into the unknown, rather than backwards into security.
I:Kindness is God's reminder that we see through our eyes but connect through our hearts.
I:Realize that what's happening around you doesn't define who you are.
I:Instead of cursing the darkness, be the one to light a candle.
I:Change your attitude to "I'll see it when I believe it "--not the other way around.
I:Pain may be inevitable but remember, suffering is optional.
I:You are Divine energy in human form--you are only as limited as your thoughts.
I:Make your life a garden where you plant seeds of possibility and water them with gratitude.
I:You are an unlimited being filled with infinite possibility--with the power to be, do or create anything that you desire in your life.
I:The best thing about a hug is that when you give one away you still have an endless supply.
I:Just as in nature where the antidote and the poison grow side by side, you'll never be given a dream without the ability to make it happen.
I:Success looks at adversity as a step to something greater, not a wall to stop progress.
I:Choose consciously and wisely. You are only one choice away from changing your world.
I:Nothing in life is to be feared--it is only to be understood.
I:One of the amazing things about this chess game called "life", is that we get to choose if we want to be the chess master or the pawn.
I:Even if life is a bumpy road or your dreams are taking a circuitous route, take time to live in the moment and enjoy the scenery along the way.
I:Someone in the world is better off today because of something you've done.
I:Know that there is enough for all of us--enough money, enough opportunity, enough love for all of us to be happy.
I:Adversity happens to everyone and it is not an excuse for abandoning our dreams.
I:We may not choose our circumstances but we do choose our attitude and our response.
I:Make a choice. Change your thoughts = Change your world.
I:We make the greatest difference in the world when we find a cause that's bigger than our fears and step forward with faith.
I:Love eradicates fear like light dispels darkness, so shine your love on the world!
I:Each day, do your best and let go of the rest.
I:You are not the troubles that happen to you. You are magnificence unfolding. Allow it to happen.
I:Life works best when we focus on where we're going rather than where we've been.
I:The number one way to improve your life is through the conscious practice of gratitude.
I:On your deathbed, regrets are usually of things you didn't do, not things you didfi So, go do it!
I:Adversity is the Universe's way of directing us down a different path.
I:Happiness and love are choices that we get to make in each and every moment.
I:Let your thoughts and actions come only from a place of love.
I:If you've hit a wall or the door has closed, keep looking until you find the window, for there's always a solution.
I:When the dream is BIG enough, we find the motivation to get through the tough times.
I:Give to others with no expectation of receiving anything in return.
I:ALL people have adversity. What separates the good from the great is how we choose to react to it.
I:Blessings happen more frequently when we take the time to notice them.
I:The quality of your life will be in direct proportion to the level of your gratitude.
I:Be not afraid to surrender your beliefs on how things "should" be, to the greater will of the Universe.
I:Love is all there is.
I:You were born an infinite being with unlimited potential--and you still are that magnificence.
I:You can only do one thing at any time--dream, plan or worry. Kinda makes worry a silly third choice, no?
I:Sometimes the only change we need is a change in how we see the world.
I:More forward with confidence, knowing in the core of your being that you have the power to achieve your dreams.
I:When the purpose is big enough, we find the courage to move mountains.
I:Take love with you in all things that you do and leave only ripples of kindness behind you.
I:Today, please share appreciation, spread the love and happiness and watch what happens.
I:Just as the birds receive what they need each day, live your life knowing that abundance is already yours.
I:Adversity provides the opportunity for the best part of us to shine.
I:When you accept that you're exactly where you're supposed to be in this moment and that you have all that you need, miracles happen.
I:Take responsibility for your actions and inactions, realizing that at all times, you get to choose how to act or react.
I:Inspiration is the rocket fuel that makes ordinary days extraordinary.
I:Love everyone. Life is just too short for anything else.
I:Live in the present. It's the only thing that truly exists. Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.
I:All things are possible--if you never give up!
I:Don't put off until tomorrow that which you can enjoy today!
I:Challenge is nothing more than a seed of opportunity.
I:Play BIG, make it fun or don't play at all. Might as well make it worth the effort, no?
I:There are few things in life that can't be solved by a bubble bath.
I:Dream big and make life funfi Do something outrageous each day. Follow your passion. Believe in yourself.
I:Love is the answer to any of your questions today. Just start there first and watch magic unfold.
I:Just because no one's ever done it before doesn't mean it's impossible. Go for it!
I:Knowing that what we focus on grows, count your blessings instead of your problems.
I:Feeling stuck? The best way to get unstuck is to go do something for someone else!
I:Live purposefully. Give abundantly. Love unconditionally. Hug joyfully. Celebrate gratefully.
I:Happiness is found in your heart, not in your circumstances.
I:When your burning desire for success is greater than your deepest fear of failure, you can create anything in your life!
I:No one deserves loving kindness today more than you do.
I:Tomorrow, when you are a beautiful butterfly, it will be hard to remember your days as a caterpillar.
I:Even enlightened people have problems. The only difference is in their reaction to them.
I:We do have a choice in everything, everyday--even when it appears that we don't.
I:What you get from life will be in direct proportion to what you give TO life.
I:You cannot discover new lands unless you take your ship out of the harbor. Sail on brave one!
I:Appreciate where you've been, anticipate where you're going, but most importantly, cherish where you are in this moment.
I:Laugh more + love more = live a longer, healthier and happier life.
I:Once you understand that abundance is there for everyone, life gets much easier.
I:If you're going through a rough time, the Universe just might be preparing you for something greater.
I:Your worst day may be someone else's best day. It's all perspective. How we see ourselves changes how we see the world.
I:The false beliefs we have in our heads are our only cause of unhappiness. Change our thought, change our world.
I:Know that the real gift you give isn't the presents--it's your presence.
I:Love's the only road to travel.
I:Serendipity happens to us all every day. The key to the frequency and importance is simple: Pay attention.
I:Even if you don't know how to complete a project, just take the first step. There is power in action.
I:Everything happens for a reason, even if you don't understand it in the moment.
I:Rather than fighting the wind, it's much easier to trim the sails.
I:May you be safe, may you be happy, may you be healthy, may you live with ease and know that you are loved.
I:Do something today that makes you grow. Stretch your boundaries and reach outside of the box.
I:Every day, dream and be inspired. Read a good story, sing a song, play in Nature and share love.
I:The first step to loving someone is understanding who they are. Listen with your heart.
I:What's possible for you in your life? Ask. Trust. Infinite possibilities are born of faith.
I:Happiness is a choice that you get to make.
I:Nothing can dissipate adversity faster than changing your focus.
I:Life is richer when we celebrate our successes rather than focusing on our failures.
I:For all that you do, and all that you are, no one deserves loving kindness today more than you do.
I:The only way to bring something into your life is to first believe that it's possible, for without vision and belief, nothing happens.
I:No matter the question, love is always the answer. Start there first and watch magic unfold.
I:You only lose when you give up.
I:Go with the flow and be willing to allow change into your life, for change is the only thing that's constant.
I:The more you worry, the less you dream. Choose to dream.
I:Focus on what you DO have instead of what you don't.
I:Anything is possible. The most audacious dreams can be realized, by intention, preparation, action and unwavering belief.
I:There is greater value in implementation than in simply having an idea. Make it happen.
I:A single candle can light the way for the masses. Today, shine brightly.
I:Thinking that we have to create abundance is like thinking we have to create sunshine. We ARE abundance.
I:The problem is not that there are problems. The problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem.
I:Belief, not worry, is the only way out of a bad situation.
I:What we choose to do in each moment defines where we're going in our life.
I:Live to give and give to life. Giving is the reason for living.
I:Praise is one of the best inexpensive gifts we can shower on others. Catch someone doing something right.
I:If I have any regrets at the end of my life, I want them to be for the things I did do, not those that I didn't.
I:Limitations are nothing more than artificial boundaries that we create to feel safe. Remember, you can do anything!
I:Wake with gratitude, work with joy, live with integrity, play with gusto and insomnia will never be a problem.
I:You don't have the ability to change the wind, but you get to choose how to trim your sails.
I:Never, ever give up on your dreams. Never, ever!
I:It is your attitude that will determine your altitude in life. Confidence and optimism will take you to the top of the mountain.
I:We have a finite amount of time, so the more we worry, the less time we have to dream. For me, I think I'd rather dream.
I:The most important person to love, is YOU. Once you do that, it's easier to love everyone else.
I:For the next hour--disconnect. Rather than being available to the world--realize that you ARE the world.
I:Happiness is something that happens from a choice within, rather than from circumstance outside of ourselves.
I:Nothing eliminates pain and difficulty in our life faster than a greater purpose.
I:Dream incessantly, Believe completely, Act daily, Risk intuitively, Celebrate continually.
I:Kindness and love will conquer fear and illusion any day.
I:May peace and understanding be yours in this moment.
I:Nothing is greater than LOVE. Spread some today.
I:For every thought you have today, unseen forces will line up to make it happen for you, so, think good thoughts.
I:A positive attitude can overcome a negative situation.
I:Do something special to inspire someone else today, and chances are, it will touch your life too.
I:For all things, for all reasons, express your gratitude.
I:Miracles first show up as baby steps of possibility.
I:When we learn to label challenging situations or problems as fascinating rather then frustrating, something shifts within that allows the solution to reveal itself.
I:Everyday, if we find someone who's having a bad day and send them some love, we just might change the world.
I:When you're able to look at the world as cooperative rather then competitive, everything changes and there is enough for everyone.
I:The worst things that ever happen to us are the stories we tell ourselves. Misery comes only from believing our thinking.
I:Believe that you can do it, for when you believe, doors will open unto you.
I:When you feel sad or stuck, remember your life can change in the flash of a moment, and perhaps that moment is now.
I:The gift of oneself is the greatest thing we can give. Be present.
I:Send a blessing today to the person in your life who you'd least want to bless--and see what happens. Love is always the answer.
I:If you are worthy of the breath of life, you are worthy of all else. Let it in.
I:When we think with no limits, we allow God to show us a bigger, better dream of possibility.
I:Live simply, love deeply and know your own inner wisdom.
I:The only thing that makes a good day different from a bad day, Is simply our perception.
I:Follow your heart--not your fears. Fear is nothing more than False Evidence Appearing Real.
I:To achieve success, attitude is more important than assets, aptitude, age or anything else.
I:Just the fear of failure--not failure itself--has the ability to stop greatness in its tracks.
I:It's easy to show kindness and love others when you first love yourself.
I:Live your life with no regrets. Bless the past and let it go.
I:Sometimes we forget who we are. Remember--you are an infinite being with unlimited possibility.
I:Our strength and resilience are always in direct proportion to our level of adversity.
I:The fear of the storm is always worse than the storm itself.
I:If you must follow something rather than lead, let it be your own bliss.
I:Dream big and make life funfi Do something outrageous each day.
I:Your life will improve exponentially when you improve the life of another.
I:Believing that you lack abundance is like a fish believing that it lacks water. You are abundance.
I:As we grow, the obstacles in our path shrink in proportion, so that what once appeared as a boulder becomes a mere stepping stone.
I:Follow your passion, listen to your dreams, believe in yourself and all good things will come your way.
I:The fastest way to get from fear to abundance is by a shortcut called gratitude.
I:Rather than asking, "What's the worst that could happen?", instead, ask yourself, "What's the BEST that could happen?"
I:Focus on what you want, not what you don't want. Simple, easy.
I:When everything we do comes from a place of love rather than fear, we will have achieved peace on Earth.
I:Your taking a deep breath doesn't diminish my air supply any more than your success prevents mine. We are abundance.
I:We stumble, we fall, we get back up again. Guess which part is the most important?
I:Change happens first in our mind, then in our world. Believe it and then you'll see it.
I:The world needs you to live out your dream, as no one can sing your song or dance your dance quite like you can.
I:Think good thoughts. Do good things. Be good to the world and to yourself. Easy.
I:The fact that we share the same fears should unite us, not divide us.
I:In the midst of constant change, the one thing that remains the same is the essence of who we are and the greater sense of knowing found deep within ourselves.
I:Bless your enemies. Forgive others and yourself. You can't swim with an anchor tied to your feet.
I:Luck isn't something that happens to you--it's something you create.
I:It's not about who gets there first, but who's had the most fun on the journey.
I:On this beautiful day, take time to be grateful, for from that alone, the magic of the Universe will be revealed to you.
I:Where focus goes, energy flows.
I:When you can look a coming storm in the face without fear, you have mastered your life.
I:You touch everyone you interact with in either a positive or negative way. Make it positive.
I:No matter what it might feel like, know that you are never alone.
I:Sometimes we need to be reminded that we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
I:It helps to know that as we go through painful times, we get to choose how to respond to them.
I:When our burning desire for success is greater than our deepest fear of failure, we have the power to create anything in our life!
I:What's happening outside of you is irrelevant compared to what's happening inside.
I:Dream incessantly, believe completely, act daily, celebrate continually.
I:Circumstances can't affect whether or not you are happy, when your happiness is not dependent upon a reason.
I:Collaboration is the new black. Competition only exists in our minds. There's plenty for all of us.
I:You are the painter of the masterpiece called life, and your attitude is the brush.
I:If you can see the life of your dreams it tends to show up even faster. Dream it. See it. Live it!
I:When you can be happy right now, in spite of problems, you'll find they disappear much more quickly.
I:Seek knowledge while knowing that all the answers to all the questions are already inside of you.
I:In retrospect, some of the greatest blessings in my life have come from adversity.
I:If we could stand in another's shoes, we wouldn't be so quick to judge one another ever again.
I:Rather than rowing your own boat, take action by setting your sails and stepping into the wind. Sail on!
I:What if all your problems could be solved by one tiny idea? The answer is within--pay attention and listen.
I:Life is like a trapeze: you have to let go of one place to get to another. Swing, release, catch... swing, release, catch.
I:Think without boundaries. Dream without limitations.
I:Be grateful, for from gratitude alone the magic of the Universe will be revealed to you.
I:The greatest gift you can ever give to others is the gift of just being you.
I:Inspire others to be their best by first being YOUR best.
I:Meditate and pray on understanding, not outcome, knowing there is blessing in everything.
I:Rather than seeking gratification, which is fleeting, create lasting fulfillment instead.
I:Enjoy the journey, knowing that what appears to be the shortest path isn't always the best route.
I:The nutritional choices we make today will directly affect the health of our bodies tomorrow. Choose wisely.
I:You'll always find what you're looking for, either the good or the bad, in any situation... but finding the good is more fun.
I:Adversity is but an opportunity, not an excuse.
I:Be present and remember to breathe.
I:You are a spiritual being enjoying a human experience--part of something so much greater that will live forever.
I:If you're going to take the time to do it, do it right the first time.
I:Never allow the size of your dreams to be limited by what someone else thinks is possible.
I:Nature is the Universe's way of making sure we remember the magnificence of who we really are.
I:When we focus on faith rather than fear, anything becomes possible.
I:We have a choice to make time for silence to hear God's whisper, or wait for him to get our attention with a sledgehammer.
I:If your dreams don't scare you just a little bit, you're not playing big enough in the world.
I:When we give without being asked miracles happen.
I:Carrying yesterday's problems with you today is like trying to fly while carrying a sack of rocks.
I:Not making a choice IS making a choice--and it's not always the best one.
I:Don't wait until you lose something to realize how much you have to be grateful for in this moment.
I:Whether we tell ourselves "Life is hard" or "Life is easy", we'll be right.
I:Miracles can happen from just sending wishes of loving kindness to another.
I:To believe is to know in your heart that it's already done.
I:Rather than telling others how to live their life, lovingly show them by example.
I:Never let the quality of the music determine the quality of the dance.
I:Many proudly say they don't fear death, yet live their lives as if they fear living.
I:When we realize we only have 86,400 seconds each day--and when they're gone, they're gone--it makes us more conscious of the value of time.
I:Sometimes the lesson is in asking the question, not in finding the answer.
I:Money doesn't change people, but rather, only amplifies that which a person already is.
I:The older we get, the greater importance we place on time spent with loved ones.
I:Negative people present us with an expedited personal growth opportunity.
I:Our light shines the brightest when we are working on something bigger than ourselves.
I:Adversity is but a gentle hand to shape you into something greater.
