The Absolute:There is nothing more important in the world than loving yourself.
The Absolute:Trust is knowing that we're exactly where we are supposed to be in life, especially when it doesn't feel like it.
The Absolute:In every moment, you are the only one who gets to choose your attitude. Choose wisely.
The Absolute:The greatest personal fulfillment comes when we contribute to improving the welfare of others.
The Absolute:Who and what you are will be determined by you, not by your circumstances.
The Absolute:Follow your passion. Listen to your heart. Trust the process. Be grateful. Life is magic and your dreams matter.
The Absolute:Life is about right now in this very moment. Not tomorrow, not yesterday but NOW. Live it!
The Absolute:Having a great dream and belief in yourself is great, but nothing happens until you take action.
The Absolute:Your words are simply the thoughts of yours that will become things the soonest.
The Absolute:Refuse to be defined by someone else's vision of what's possible.
The Absolute:In all moments, for all reasons--love completely.
The Absolute:If we aim high and fall short, we still achieve more than by aiming low and falling short.
The Absolute:May you recognize the passion and the possibility in your day today and have the courage to follow it.
The Absolute:In every moment, for every reason--choose LOVE.
The Absolute:Set your goals high and do something everyday to move forward.
The Absolute:When was the last time worry ever solved a problem? Breathe and know that you are perfect in this moment.
The Absolute:Limitations seem real when we lack faith and belief. With faith and belief, anything is possible.
The Absolute:Today, be the person of your dreams. See and act from their eyes.
The Absolute:Praise is one of the best, yet inexpensive gifts we can give to others.
The Absolute:In times of turmoil, it matters not that we forgot we are infinite, unlimited beings. What matters most, is how quickly we remember.
The Absolute:Most times, regrets are things we didn't do, not those we did.
The Absolute:Take the time today to be good to you, in thoughts, deeds and actions--but especially in your thoughts.
The Absolute:Remember, perspective can cause two people to look at the same thing and see two totally different things.
The Absolute:Every good thing you do creates ripples that you may not see. Do them anyway.
The Absolute:For today, think positive thoughts, believe in yourself and others, share hugs and spread love. That's it--nothing else.
The Absolute:Everything starts from gratitude. Everything. From there, all else lines up for you.
The Absolute:Life is more meaningful when our goal is fulfillment rather than gratification.
The Absolute:Focus on the WHY of life and not the HOW, remembering that where focus goes, energy flows.
The Absolute:Change your thoughts and you'll change your world.
The Absolute:Collaboration and cooperation will beat competition every time. Think abundantly. Speak authentically. Serve willingly. You have enough. You are enough.
The Absolute:Nothing has the power to radically change a life more than an attitude adjustment.
The Absolute:The fastest way to get unstuck is to go do something for someone else.
The Absolute:Success often comes to those who are too naïve to know that what they're trying to do is impossible.
The Absolute:Sometimes the greatest gift you can give another is to ask for help. There is pleasure in giving.
The Absolute:True wealth is celebrating the present moment.
The Absolute:You can summit the biggest mountain by simply taking the first step.
The Absolute:Either way you're going off the ledge. So why not jump now so God doesn't have to push you? Your wings are beautiful!
The Absolute:To achieve your dream, see the world as you want it to be, not as it may appear to be.
The Absolute:We make room for love when we first invite understanding into our hearts.
The Absolute:The greatest limitations in life are the ones we place on ourselves.
The Absolute:As you close your eyes tonight, may you know how blessed you are and celebrate with gratitude.
The Absolute:Remember, you are an infinite being and deserve a day filled with unlimited potential.
The Absolute:Start with your beliefs, which will lead your thoughts, which will create your actions, which will produce your results.
The Absolute:Change requires you to shift your identity of who you are.
The Absolute:When we focus on what we can do instead of what we can't, a world of possibility opens unto us.
The Absolute:Adversity can be turned to opportunity simply by adjusting our perception and our attitude.
The Absolute:Play and don't take yourself or the world so seriously. Create reasons to laugh!
The Absolute:Challenging people are in your life for a reason--love them.
The Absolute:Never underestimate the power of an unlimited being--YOU.
The Absolute:Take time each day to connect to the Divine. Trust that there is a plan even if you only see a fraction of it.
The Absolute:The fastest way to get to the life you want is to just play make believe that you already have it today.
The Absolute:It's only when you have the courage to step off the ledge that you'll realize you've had wings all along.
The Absolute:Integrity is holding fast to our convictions regardless of the consequences and never compromising our ideals or values, even if it affects the bottom line.
The Absolute:Ah...for the next moment, allow yourself to be a human BEing rather than a human DOing. Do nothing, just BE. Ah...
The Absolute:If you have to doubt something, let it be your own perceived limitations. Expand, stretch and believe!
The Absolute:When you start your day with gratitude everything falls into place with grace and ease.
The Absolute:Go make your life the one you have always wanted, knowing you have the power to make it happen.
The Absolute:The music of success is sweetest when you play in a band of winners. Surround yourself with excellence!
The Absolute:With the right attitude anything is possible.
The Absolute:Action is the step many forget when they wonder what happened to their dream.
The Absolute:Your expectations for any given situation will greatly influence the end result.
The Absolute:In this very moment you hold the power to change someone else's life for the better. Go do it.
The Absolute:Change your beliefs and you'll change your thoughts. Change your thoughts and you'll change your habits. Change your habits and your life opens to unlimited possibility.
The Absolute:Giving is the reason for living.
The Absolute:Above all else, be true to you.
The Absolute:Allow adversity to be your teacher.
The Absolute:Find people who believe in you until you can believe in yourself.
The Absolute:The more clear you are in the vision of what you want in life, the brighter the spotlight will be to lead you on the right path.
The Absolute:We often learn too late that we spent too much time worrying about the things that mattered least.
The Absolute:Chances are, when you fall asleep with a prayer of gratitude on your lips, you'll wake with a song of joy in your heart.
The Absolute:Fear less, hope more; eat less, chew more; whine less, breath more; talk less, say more; hate less, love more; and all good things shall be yours.
The Absolute:Abundance flows more freely to you when it continues to flow outward from you, as you pass it on.
The Absolute:Don't let your fear of the hazards keep your ship in the harbor. Cast off your lines and sail away!
The Absolute:If you can't change the circumstances, change your attitude. Funny thing is, when you do, you'll find that the circumstances often change.
The Absolute:Size matters, so keep your dreams big and your worries small.
The Absolute:Know that deep inside, you are resilient, brave and so much stronger and more powerful than your fears.
The Absolute:Beyond words, beyond actions, beyond feelings--know in your core that you are loved.
The Absolute:We can get so much further in life through collaboration rather than competition. One plus one equals eleven, not two.
The Absolute:Problems do not define who you are unless you allow them to. Remember your magnificence.
The Absolute:To improve what shows up in the exterior of your world, first, be still and improve the interior.
The Absolute:The shortest path to success--focus on the 'what' and the 'why', not the 'how'. Works every time.
The Absolute:Your actions, thoughts and words today are but seeds for tomorrow's garden.
The Absolute:No matter what the past may look like, without our permission, our yesterday does not have the power to determine our tomorrow.
The Absolute:When we celebrate in advance, things have a way of lining up for us more quickly.
The Absolute:When we look for the good and expect it to show up, we'll always find it.
The Absolute:If we knew how loved, how Divine, how unlimited we really are, we'd see one another through tears of joy.
The Absolute:At the end of life we're going to ask--Did I live? Did I love? Ask it now. The clock is ticking, you'd better start living.
The Absolute:"Can't" isn't a word. You have the power to do, be or create anything.
The Absolute:If you wait for everything to be perfect before taking action on your dream, you'll never take the first step.
The Absolute:When we change our beliefs on the inside, we will transform our results on our outside world.
The Absolute:It's impossible to be of service to others and feel sorry for yourself. Choose one.
The Absolute:If we allow our definition of what's possible to be based on how big someone else can dream, our dream will die.
The Absolute:Gratitude must be part magic, for when I fill my heart with gratitude, anything is possible.
The Absolute:For the next moment, allow yourself to be a human BEing rather than a human DOing.
The Absolute:When you focus on faith rather than fear, you tap into a strength to carry you over even the tallest of mountains.
The Absolute:The power to change the world starts with us first changing our belief and ourselves.
The Absolute:Our dreams have no limitations except those that we place on them.
The Absolute:Each day take the time to reconnect and remember, you are an infinite being with unlimited potential.
The Absolute:Treat all others as if the entire world were watching your actions.
The Absolute:Ask, give thanks, repeat. Ask, give thanks, repeat.
The Absolute:Abundance isn't something that you have, it's who you already are.
The Absolute:Adversity could be the greatest gift in our life, in retrospect.
The Absolute:Push yourself to do one thing outside your comfort zone today.
The Absolute:A decision is nothing more than a choice to eliminate other options and follow your path with determination.
The Absolute:We imagine the worst. If you're going to use your imagination, imagine GOOD things happening!
The Absolute:Choose to love with all your heart, even if it sometimes breaks.
The Absolute:We're only here to learn to love.
The Absolute:What's happening on the outside doesn't have the power the affect what's happening on the inside, unless we allow it to.
The Absolute:When Universal timing and our timing are different, that doesn't mean that things aren't working. Trust the process.
The Absolute:What other people think about you isn't about you. It's about them.
The Absolute:May you be blessed with thoughts and opportunities and take action that will create abundance in your life.
The Absolute:Your thoughts become things. You decide. You rule. That's pretty cool.
The Absolute:Beating yourself up doesn't benefit anyone. Focus on what you choose to create instead.
The Absolute:Being kind to you is really being kind to me, for we are but individual parts of the same whole.
The Absolute:Illusions can appear real but we get to choose whether or not to buy into them.
The Absolute:When we learn to find the blessing in any situation, we've mastered this journey called "life".
The Absolute:What would you do if you knew that your wildest dreams could come true and that you couldn't fail?
The Absolute:Imperfect action is better than perfect inaction.
The Absolute:With belief and action all things are possible.
The Absolute:Sometimes the fastest way to reach your dream is to help someone else reach his or her dream.
The Absolute:If you don't ask for what you want, the answer is already NO. Why not ask, and maybe the answer will be YES!?
The Absolute:The two most powerful words in any language--"Thank you!"
The Absolute:Realize that you have the power to do, be or create anything in your life. Anything.
The Absolute:Nobody's perfect. We all fall down. What matters most is how quickly we get back up, learn from our mistakes and move on!
The Absolute:You can't worry yourself out of a bad situation, but you can believe yourself out of it!
The Absolute:How we see ourselves determines how we see the world.
The Absolute:Gratitude, kindness and caring are more powerful than any problem you think you have.
The Absolute:Life works better when we go with the flow rather than fight the current.
The Absolute:Love is letting others know how much you appreciate them.
The Absolute:Forget early--there are enough worms for all of us.
The Absolute:Adversity forces us to focus on things we need to learn.
The Absolute:We can't choose the number of our age, but we CAN choose the age of our attitude.
The Absolute:Change is inevitable and those who adapt quickly are most likely to succeed.
The Absolute:Worry is the #1 thief of our time and has the power to rob you of beauty of today.
The Absolute:Live well, laugh often, love deeply.
The Absolute:With laughter or love, the more you give the more you'll receive.
The Absolute:Sometimes we may forget who we are. But what matters most is how quickly we remember our magnificence.
The Absolute:When you surround yourself with people who support your dreams, you will achieve success more quickly.
The Absolute:You will go through pain in your life, but how you choose to respond to it is your choice.
The Absolute:Even the largest of fires starts from a tiny spark. That same potential is within you, so set your dreams on fire!
The Absolute:Laughter is not only contagious, but is experienced in a deeper way when it is shared.
The Absolute:Life is magical when we are bold and have the courage to move forward into the unknown, rather than backwards into security.
The Absolute:Kindness is God's reminder that we see through our eyes but connect through our hearts.
The Absolute:Realize that what's happening around you doesn't define who you are.
The Absolute:Instead of cursing the darkness, be the one to light a candle.
The Absolute:Change your attitude to "I'll see it when I believe it "--not the other way around.
The Absolute:Pain may be inevitable but remember, suffering is optional.
The Absolute:You are Divine energy in human form--you are only as limited as your thoughts.
The Absolute:Make your life a garden where you plant seeds of possibility and water them with gratitude.
The Absolute:You are an unlimited being filled with infinite possibility--with the power to be, do or create anything that you desire in your life.
The Absolute:The best thing about a hug is that when you give one away you still have an endless supply.
The Absolute:Just as in nature where the antidote and the poison grow side by side, you'll never be given a dream without the ability to make it happen.
The Absolute:Success looks at adversity as a step to something greater, not a wall to stop progress.
The Absolute:Choose consciously and wisely. You are only one choice away from changing your world.
The Absolute:Nothing in life is to be feared--it is only to be understood.
The Absolute:One of the amazing things about this chess game called "life", is that we get to choose if we want to be the chess master or the pawn.
The Absolute:Even if life is a bumpy road or your dreams are taking a circuitous route, take time to live in the moment and enjoy the scenery along the way.
The Absolute:Someone in the world is better off today because of something you've done.
The Absolute:Know that there is enough for all of us--enough money, enough opportunity, enough love for all of us to be happy.
The Absolute:Adversity happens to everyone and it is not an excuse for abandoning our dreams.
The Absolute:We may not choose our circumstances but we do choose our attitude and our response.
The Absolute:Make a choice. Change your thoughts = Change your world.
The Absolute:We make the greatest difference in the world when we find a cause that's bigger than our fears and step forward with faith.
The Absolute:Love eradicates fear like light dispels darkness, so shine your love on the world!
The Absolute:Each day, do your best and let go of the rest.
The Absolute:You are not the troubles that happen to you. You are magnificence unfolding. Allow it to happen.
The Absolute:Life works best when we focus on where we're going rather than where we've been.
The Absolute:The number one way to improve your life is through the conscious practice of gratitude.
The Absolute:On your deathbed, regrets are usually of things you didn't do, not things you didfi So, go do it!
The Absolute:Adversity is the Universe's way of directing us down a different path.
The Absolute:Happiness and love are choices that we get to make in each and every moment.
The Absolute:Let your thoughts and actions come only from a place of love.
The Absolute:If you've hit a wall or the door has closed, keep looking until you find the window, for there's always a solution.
The Absolute:When the dream is BIG enough, we find the motivation to get through the tough times.
The Absolute:Give to others with no expectation of receiving anything in return.
The Absolute:ALL people have adversity. What separates the good from the great is how we choose to react to it.
The Absolute:Blessings happen more frequently when we take the time to notice them.
The Absolute:The quality of your life will be in direct proportion to the level of your gratitude.
The Absolute:Be not afraid to surrender your beliefs on how things "should" be, to the greater will of the Universe.
The Absolute:Love is all there is.
The Absolute:You were born an infinite being with unlimited potential--and you still are that magnificence.
The Absolute:You can only do one thing at any time--dream, plan or worry. Kinda makes worry a silly third choice, no?
The Absolute:Sometimes the only change we need is a change in how we see the world.
The Absolute:More forward with confidence, knowing in the core of your being that you have the power to achieve your dreams.
The Absolute:When the purpose is big enough, we find the courage to move mountains.
The Absolute:Take love with you in all things that you do and leave only ripples of kindness behind you.
The Absolute:Today, please share appreciation, spread the love and happiness and watch what happens.
The Absolute:Just as the birds receive what they need each day, live your life knowing that abundance is already yours.
The Absolute:Adversity provides the opportunity for the best part of us to shine.
The Absolute:When you accept that you're exactly where you're supposed to be in this moment and that you have all that you need, miracles happen.
The Absolute:Take responsibility for your actions and inactions, realizing that at all times, you get to choose how to act or react.
The Absolute:Inspiration is the rocket fuel that makes ordinary days extraordinary.
The Absolute:Love everyone. Life is just too short for anything else.
The Absolute:Live in the present. It's the only thing that truly exists. Never look back unless you are planning to go that way.
The Absolute:All things are possible--if you never give up!
The Absolute:Don't put off until tomorrow that which you can enjoy today!
The Absolute:Challenge is nothing more than a seed of opportunity.
The Absolute:Play BIG, make it fun or don't play at all. Might as well make it worth the effort, no?
The Absolute:There are few things in life that can't be solved by a bubble bath.
The Absolute:Dream big and make life funfi Do something outrageous each day. Follow your passion. Believe in yourself.
The Absolute:Love is the answer to any of your questions today. Just start there first and watch magic unfold.
The Absolute:Just because no one's ever done it before doesn't mean it's impossible. Go for it!
The Absolute:Knowing that what we focus on grows, count your blessings instead of your problems.
The Absolute:Feeling stuck? The best way to get unstuck is to go do something for someone else!
The Absolute:Live purposefully. Give abundantly. Love unconditionally. Hug joyfully. Celebrate gratefully.
The Absolute:Happiness is found in your heart, not in your circumstances.
The Absolute:When your burning desire for success is greater than your deepest fear of failure, you can create anything in your life!
The Absolute:No one deserves loving kindness today more than you do.
The Absolute:Tomorrow, when you are a beautiful butterfly, it will be hard to remember your days as a caterpillar.
The Absolute:Even enlightened people have problems. The only difference is in their reaction to them.
The Absolute:We do have a choice in everything, everyday--even when it appears that we don't.
The Absolute:What you get from life will be in direct proportion to what you give TO life.
The Absolute:You cannot discover new lands unless you take your ship out of the harbor. Sail on brave one!
The Absolute:Appreciate where you've been, anticipate where you're going, but most importantly, cherish where you are in this moment.
The Absolute:Laugh more + love more = live a longer, healthier and happier life.
The Absolute:Once you understand that abundance is there for everyone, life gets much easier.
The Absolute:If you're going through a rough time, the Universe just might be preparing you for something greater.
The Absolute:Your worst day may be someone else's best day. It's all perspective. How we see ourselves changes how we see the world.
The Absolute:The false beliefs we have in our heads are our only cause of unhappiness. Change our thought, change our world.
The Absolute:Know that the real gift you give isn't the presents--it's your presence.
The Absolute:Love's the only road to travel.
The Absolute:Serendipity happens to us all every day. The key to the frequency and importance is simple: Pay attention.
The Absolute:Even if you don't know how to complete a project, just take the first step. There is power in action.
The Absolute:Everything happens for a reason, even if you don't understand it in the moment.
The Absolute:Rather than fighting the wind, it's much easier to trim the sails.
The Absolute:May you be safe, may you be happy, may you be healthy, may you live with ease and know that you are loved.
The Absolute:Do something today that makes you grow. Stretch your boundaries and reach outside of the box.
The Absolute:Every day, dream and be inspired. Read a good story, sing a song, play in Nature and share love.
The Absolute:The first step to loving someone is understanding who they are. Listen with your heart.
The Absolute:What's possible for you in your life? Ask. Trust. Infinite possibilities are born of faith.
The Absolute:Happiness is a choice that you get to make.
The Absolute:Nothing can dissipate adversity faster than changing your focus.
The Absolute:Life is richer when we celebrate our successes rather than focusing on our failures.
The Absolute:For all that you do, and all that you are, no one deserves loving kindness today more than you do.
The Absolute:The only way to bring something into your life is to first believe that it's possible, for without vision and belief, nothing happens.
The Absolute:No matter the question, love is always the answer. Start there first and watch magic unfold.
The Absolute:You only lose when you give up.
The Absolute:Go with the flow and be willing to allow change into your life, for change is the only thing that's constant.
The Absolute:The more you worry, the less you dream. Choose to dream.
The Absolute:Focus on what you DO have instead of what you don't.
The Absolute:Anything is possible. The most audacious dreams can be realized, by intention, preparation, action and unwavering belief.
The Absolute:There is greater value in implementation than in simply having an idea. Make it happen.
The Absolute:A single candle can light the way for the masses. Today, shine brightly.
The Absolute:Thinking that we have to create abundance is like thinking we have to create sunshine. We ARE abundance.
The Absolute:The problem is not that there are problems. The problem is expecting otherwise and thinking that having problems is a problem.
The Absolute:Belief, not worry, is the only way out of a bad situation.
The Absolute:What we choose to do in each moment defines where we're going in our life.
The Absolute:Live to give and give to life. Giving is the reason for living.
The Absolute:Praise is one of the best inexpensive gifts we can shower on others. Catch someone doing something right.
The Absolute:If I have any regrets at the end of my life, I want them to be for the things I did do, not those that I didn't.
The Absolute:Limitations are nothing more than artificial boundaries that we create to feel safe. Remember, you can do anything!
The Absolute:Wake with gratitude, work with joy, live with integrity, play with gusto and insomnia will never be a problem.
The Absolute:You don't have the ability to change the wind, but you get to choose how to trim your sails.
The Absolute:Never, ever give up on your dreams. Never, ever!
The Absolute:It is your attitude that will determine your altitude in life. Confidence and optimism will take you to the top of the mountain.
The Absolute:We have a finite amount of time, so the more we worry, the less time we have to dream. For me, I think I'd rather dream.
The Absolute:The most important person to love, is YOU. Once you do that, it's easier to love everyone else.
The Absolute:For the next hour--disconnect. Rather than being available to the world--realize that you ARE the world.
The Absolute:Happiness is something that happens from a choice within, rather than from circumstance outside of ourselves.
The Absolute:Nothing eliminates pain and difficulty in our life faster than a greater purpose.
The Absolute:Dream incessantly, Believe completely, Act daily, Risk intuitively, Celebrate continually.
The Absolute:Kindness and love will conquer fear and illusion any day.
The Absolute:May peace and understanding be yours in this moment.
The Absolute:Nothing is greater than LOVE. Spread some today.
The Absolute:For every thought you have today, unseen forces will line up to make it happen for you, so, think good thoughts.
The Absolute:A positive attitude can overcome a negative situation.
The Absolute:Do something special to inspire someone else today, and chances are, it will touch your life too.
The Absolute:For all things, for all reasons, express your gratitude.
The Absolute:Miracles first show up as baby steps of possibility.
The Absolute:When we learn to label challenging situations or problems as fascinating rather then frustrating, something shifts within that allows the solution to reveal itself.
The Absolute:Everyday, if we find someone who's having a bad day and send them some love, we just might change the world.
The Absolute:When you're able to look at the world as cooperative rather then competitive, everything changes and there is enough for everyone.
The Absolute:The worst things that ever happen to us are the stories we tell ourselves. Misery comes only from believing our thinking.
The Absolute:Believe that you can do it, for when you believe, doors will open unto you.
The Absolute:When you feel sad or stuck, remember your life can change in the flash of a moment, and perhaps that moment is now.
The Absolute:The gift of oneself is the greatest thing we can give. Be present.
The Absolute:Send a blessing today to the person in your life who you'd least want to bless--and see what happens. Love is always the answer.
The Absolute:If you are worthy of the breath of life, you are worthy of all else. Let it in.
The Absolute:When we think with no limits, we allow God to show us a bigger, better dream of possibility.
The Absolute:Live simply, love deeply and know your own inner wisdom.
The Absolute:The only thing that makes a good day different from a bad day, Is simply our perception.
The Absolute:Follow your heart--not your fears. Fear is nothing more than False Evidence Appearing Real.
The Absolute:To achieve success, attitude is more important than assets, aptitude, age or anything else.
The Absolute:Just the fear of failure--not failure itself--has the ability to stop greatness in its tracks.
The Absolute:It's easy to show kindness and love others when you first love yourself.
The Absolute:Live your life with no regrets. Bless the past and let it go.
The Absolute:Sometimes we forget who we are. Remember--you are an infinite being with unlimited possibility.
The Absolute:Our strength and resilience are always in direct proportion to our level of adversity.
The Absolute:The fear of the storm is always worse than the storm itself.
The Absolute:If you must follow something rather than lead, let it be your own bliss.
The Absolute:Dream big and make life funfi Do something outrageous each day.
The Absolute:Your life will improve exponentially when you improve the life of another.
The Absolute:Believing that you lack abundance is like a fish believing that it lacks water. You are abundance.
The Absolute:As we grow, the obstacles in our path shrink in proportion, so that what once appeared as a boulder becomes a mere stepping stone.
The Absolute:Follow your passion, listen to your dreams, believe in yourself and all good things will come your way.
The Absolute:The fastest way to get from fear to abundance is by a shortcut called gratitude.
The Absolute:Rather than asking, "What's the worst that could happen?", instead, ask yourself, "What's the BEST that could happen?"
The Absolute:Focus on what you want, not what you don't want. Simple, easy.
The Absolute:When everything we do comes from a place of love rather than fear, we will have achieved peace on Earth.
The Absolute:Your taking a deep breath doesn't diminish my air supply any more than your success prevents mine. We are abundance.
The Absolute:We stumble, we fall, we get back up again. Guess which part is the most important?
The Absolute:Change happens first in our mind, then in our world. Believe it and then you'll see it.
The Absolute:The world needs you to live out your dream, as no one can sing your song or dance your dance quite like you can.
The Absolute:Think good thoughts. Do good things. Be good to the world and to yourself. Easy.
The Absolute:The fact that we share the same fears should unite us, not divide us.
The Absolute:In the midst of constant change, the one thing that remains the same is the essence of who we are and the greater sense of knowing found deep within ourselves.
The Absolute:Bless your enemies. Forgive others and yourself. You can't swim with an anchor tied to your feet.
The Absolute:Luck isn't something that happens to you--it's something you create.
The Absolute:It's not about who gets there first, but who's had the most fun on the journey.
The Absolute:On this beautiful day, take time to be grateful, for from that alone, the magic of the Universe will be revealed to you.
The Absolute:Where focus goes, energy flows.
The Absolute:When you can look a coming storm in the face without fear, you have mastered your life.
The Absolute:You touch everyone you interact with in either a positive or negative way. Make it positive.
The Absolute:No matter what it might feel like, know that you are never alone.
The Absolute:Sometimes we need to be reminded that we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
The Absolute:It helps to know that as we go through painful times, we get to choose how to respond to them.
The Absolute:When our burning desire for success is greater than our deepest fear of failure, we have the power to create anything in our life!
The Absolute:What's happening outside of you is irrelevant compared to what's happening inside.
The Absolute:Dream incessantly, believe completely, act daily, celebrate continually.
The Absolute:Circumstances can't affect whether or not you are happy, when your happiness is not dependent upon a reason.
The Absolute:Collaboration is the new black. Competition only exists in our minds. There's plenty for all of us.
The Absolute:You are the painter of the masterpiece called life, and your attitude is the brush.
The Absolute:If you can see the life of your dreams it tends to show up even faster. Dream it. See it. Live it!
The Absolute:When you can be happy right now, in spite of problems, you'll find they disappear much more quickly.
The Absolute:Seek knowledge while knowing that all the answers to all the questions are already inside of you.
The Absolute:In retrospect, some of the greatest blessings in my life have come from adversity.
The Absolute:If we could stand in another's shoes, we wouldn't be so quick to judge one another ever again.
The Absolute:Rather than rowing your own boat, take action by setting your sails and stepping into the wind. Sail on!
The Absolute:What if all your problems could be solved by one tiny idea? The answer is within--pay attention and listen.
The Absolute:Life is like a trapeze: you have to let go of one place to get to another. Swing, release, catch... swing, release, catch.
The Absolute:Think without boundaries. Dream without limitations.
The Absolute:Be grateful, for from gratitude alone the magic of the Universe will be revealed to you.
The Absolute:The greatest gift you can ever give to others is the gift of just being you.
The Absolute:Inspire others to be their best by first being YOUR best.
The Absolute:Meditate and pray on understanding, not outcome, knowing there is blessing in everything.
The Absolute:Rather than seeking gratification, which is fleeting, create lasting fulfillment instead.
The Absolute:Enjoy the journey, knowing that what appears to be the shortest path isn't always the best route.
The Absolute:The nutritional choices we make today will directly affect the health of our bodies tomorrow. Choose wisely.
The Absolute:You'll always find what you're looking for, either the good or the bad, in any situation... but finding the good is more fun.
The Absolute:Adversity is but an opportunity, not an excuse.
The Absolute:Be present and remember to breathe.
The Absolute:You are a spiritual being enjoying a human experience--part of something so much greater that will live forever.
The Absolute:If you're going to take the time to do it, do it right the first time.
The Absolute:Never allow the size of your dreams to be limited by what someone else thinks is possible.
The Absolute:Nature is the Universe's way of making sure we remember the magnificence of who we really are.
The Absolute:When we focus on faith rather than fear, anything becomes possible.
The Absolute:We have a choice to make time for silence to hear God's whisper, or wait for him to get our attention with a sledgehammer.
The Absolute:If your dreams don't scare you just a little bit, you're not playing big enough in the world.
The Absolute:When we give without being asked miracles happen.
The Absolute:Carrying yesterday's problems with you today is like trying to fly while carrying a sack of rocks.
The Absolute:Not making a choice IS making a choice--and it's not always the best one.
The Absolute:Don't wait until you lose something to realize how much you have to be grateful for in this moment.
The Absolute:Whether we tell ourselves "Life is hard" or "Life is easy", we'll be right.
The Absolute:Miracles can happen from just sending wishes of loving kindness to another.
The Absolute:To believe is to know in your heart that it's already done.
The Absolute:Rather than telling others how to live their life, lovingly show them by example.
The Absolute:Never let the quality of the music determine the quality of the dance.
The Absolute:Many proudly say they don't fear death, yet live their lives as if they fear living.
The Absolute:When we realize we only have 86,400 seconds each day--and when they're gone, they're gone--it makes us more conscious of the value of time.
The Absolute:Sometimes the lesson is in asking the question, not in finding the answer.
The Absolute:Money doesn't change people, but rather, only amplifies that which a person already is.
The Absolute:The older we get, the greater importance we place on time spent with loved ones.
The Absolute:Negative people present us with an expedited personal growth opportunity.
The Absolute:Our light shines the brightest when we are working on something bigger than ourselves.
The Absolute:Adversity is but a gentle hand to shape you into something greater.
